README.md, before:

## Build

1. install redis
2. install alephium full node
3. install node.js(>=14) and npm(>=8)

Or:

1. deploy with Docker Compose

## Run

configs explanation:

```javascript
{
    "logPath": "./logs/",               // log path

    "connectionTimeout": 600,           // disconnect workers that haven't submitted shares for this many seconds
    "maxConnectionsFromSameIP": 10,     // limit number of connection from same IP address
    "whitelistIps": [],                 // whitelist IP address from 'maxConnectionsFromSameIP'
	
    "jobExpiryPeriod": 10,              // job expires after set period
	
    "banning": {
        "enabled": true,                // enabled by default
        "time": 600,                    // how many seconds to ban worker for
        "invalidPercent": 50,           // what percent of invalid shares triggers ban
        "checkThreshold": 500,          // perform check when this many shares have been submitted
        "purgeInterval": 300            // every this many seconds clear out the list of old bans
    },

    "diff1TargetNumZero": 30,           // diff1 target leading zero num
    "pool": {
        "port": 20032,                  // port which the server bind
        "diff": 64,                     // init difficulty

        "varDiff": {
            "minDiff": 16,              // minimum difficulty
            "maxDiff": 4096,            // maximum difficulty
            "targetTime": 15,           // try to get 1 share per this many seconds
            "retargetTime": 90,         // check to see if we should retarget every this many seconds
            "variancePercent": 30       // allow time to very this % from target without retargeting
        }
    },

    "daemon": {
        "host": "127.0.0.1",            // alephium full node host
        "port": 12973,                  // alephium full node rest api port
        "apiKey": "xxx",                // alephium full node api key
        "minerApiPort": 10973           // alephium full node miner api port
    },

    "redis": {
        "host": "127.0.0.1",            // redis host
        "port": 6379                    // redis port
    },

    "withholdPercent": 0.005,           // coinbase reward withhold percent(0.5% by default), used for tx fee mainly
    "rewardEnabled": true,              // enabled by default
    "rewardInterval": 600,              // update miner balances every this many seconds
    "confirmationTime": 30600,          // 510m by default, you can decrease this if your payment addresses have enough balance

    "paymentEnabled": true,             // enabled by default
    "minPaymentCoins": "3.5",           // minimum number of coins that a miner must earn before sending payment
    "paymentInterval": 600,             // send payment every this many seconds
    "txConfirmations": {                // Check tx confirmations to remove/pay back balance after tx
        "chainConfirmations": 10,
        "fromGroupConfirmations": 5,
        "toGroupConfirmations": 5
    },

    "persistence": {                    // persistent shares and blocks
        "enabled": false,               // disabled by default
        "host": "127.0.0.1",            // postgresql ip
        "port": 5432,                   // postgresql port
        "user": "postgres",             // postgresql user
        "password": "postgres",         // postgresql password
        "database": "mining-pool"       // database name
    },
	
    "addresses": [],                    // 4 addresses(we have 4 groups) to where block rewards are given

    "wallet": {
        "name": "",                     // wallet name
        "password": "",                 // wallet password
        "mnemonicPassphrase": ""        // wallet mnemonic passphrase
    }
}
```

run:

```shell
npm install
npm run start
```

## Docker:

The provided docker-compose file allows you to deploy Redis, Postgres and the Alephium mining pool with a single command:

```shell
docker-compose up -d
```

The only prerequisites are a synced full node and Docker, and of course your own config file. For this kind of deployment the follliwng sections of the config file should be left unaltered:

```javascript

    "redis": {
        "host": "redis",                // the "redis" host spawned by docker-compose
        "port": 6379                    // and its port
    },

    "persistence": {                    // persistent shares and blocks
        "enabled": false,               // disabled by default
        "host": "postgres",             // the "postgres" host spawned by docker-compose
        "port": 5432,                   // its port
        "user": "postgres",             // its user
        "password": "postgres",         // its password
        "database": "postgres"          // and its db name. All as defined in the Compose file.
    },
```

Lastly, for single-user setups these are suitable payout and reward settings:

```javascript

    "pool": {
        "port": 20032,                  // port which the server binds to
        "diff": 8,                      // init difficulty

        "varDiff": {
            "minDiff": 1,               // minimum difficulty
            "maxDiff": 4096,            // maximum difficulty
            "targetTime": 10,           // try to get 1 share per this many seconds
            "retargetTime": 90,         // check to see if we should retarget every this many seconds
            "variancePercent": 30       // allow time to very this % from target without retargeting
        }
    },

    "withholdPercent": 0.005,           // Even for single-user pools, this is required to allow the pool to pay tx fees
    "rewardInterval": 600,              // This can be relaxed, but should still be lower than paymentInterval

    "minPaymentCoins": "10",            // Increases the min payout to 10 Alph
    "paymentInterval": 7200,            // Increased to 1 payment every 2 hours.
```

Commit message:

Comment resolution
- Added Dockerfile for local build
- Removed reference to external image
- Added instructions to build from source, latest master code and latest release

README.md, after:

## Build

1. install redis
2. install alephium full node
3. install node.js(>=14) and npm(>=8)

Or:

1. deploy with Docker Compose

## Run

configs explanation:

```javascript
{
    "logPath": "./logs/",               // log path

    "connectionTimeout": 600,           // disconnect workers that haven't submitted shares for this many seconds
    "maxConnectionsFromSameIP": 10,     // limit number of connection from same IP address
    "whitelistIps": [],                 // whitelist IP address from 'maxConnectionsFromSameIP'
	
    "jobExpiryPeriod": 10,              // job expires after set period
	
    "banning": {
        "enabled": true,                // enabled by default
        "time": 600,                    // how many seconds to ban worker for
        "invalidPercent": 50,           // what percent of invalid shares triggers ban
        "checkThreshold": 500,          // perform check when this many shares have been submitted
        "purgeInterval": 300            // every this many seconds clear out the list of old bans
    },

    "diff1TargetNumZero": 30,           // diff1 target leading zero num
    "pool": {
        "port": 20032,                  // port which the server bind
        "diff": 64,                     // init difficulty

        "varDiff": {
            "minDiff": 16,              // minimum difficulty
            "maxDiff": 4096,            // maximum difficulty
            "targetTime": 15,           // try to get 1 share per this many seconds
            "retargetTime": 90,         // check to see if we should retarget every this many seconds
            "variancePercent": 30       // allow time to very this % from target without retargeting
        }
    },

    "daemon": {
        "host": "127.0.0.1",            // alephium full node host
        "port": 12973,                  // alephium full node rest api port
        "apiKey": "xxx",                // alephium full node api key
        "minerApiPort": 10973           // alephium full node miner api port
    },

    "redis": {
        "host": "127.0.0.1",            // redis host
        "port": 6379                    // redis port
    },

    "withholdPercent": 0.005,           // coinbase reward withhold percent(0.5% by default), used for tx fee mainly
    "rewardEnabled": true,              // enabled by default
    "rewardInterval": 600,              // update miner balances every this many seconds
    "confirmationTime": 30600,          // 510m by default, you can decrease this if your payment addresses have enough balance

    "paymentEnabled": true,             // enabled by default
    "minPaymentCoins": "3.5",           // minimum number of coins that a miner must earn before sending payment
    "paymentInterval": 600,             // send payment every this many seconds
    "txConfirmations": {                // Check tx confirmations to remove/pay back balance after tx
        "chainConfirmations": 10,
        "fromGroupConfirmations": 5,
        "toGroupConfirmations": 5
    },

    "persistence": {                    // persistent shares and blocks
        "enabled": false,               // disabled by default
        "host": "127.0.0.1",            // postgresql ip
        "port": 5432,                   // postgresql port
        "user": "postgres",             // postgresql user
        "password": "postgres",         // postgresql password
        "database": "mining-pool"       // database name
    },
	
    "addresses": [],                    // 4 addresses(we have 4 groups) to where block rewards are given

    "wallet": {
        "name": "",                     // wallet name
        "password": "",                 // wallet password
        "mnemonicPassphrase": ""        // wallet mnemonic passphrase
    }
}
```

run:

```shell
npm install
npm run start
```

## Docker:

The provided docker-compose file allows you to deploy Redis, Postgres and the Alephium mining pool in 3 simple steps:


### Clone the repo and move to its folder:
```shell
git clone https://github.com/alephium/mining-pool.git && cd mining-pool
```

### Build the Docker image:

1. From local sources:
```shell
docker build -t mining-pool:latest .
```

2. From latest master branch code:
```shell
docker build -t mining-pool:latest https://github.com/alephium/mining-pool.git
```

3. From latest release:
```shell
docker build -t mining-pool:latest -f Dockerfile-release .
```

### Run
```shell
docker-compose up -d
```


The only prerequisites are a synced full node and Docker, and of course your own config file. For this kind of deployment the follliwng sections of the config file should be left unaltered:

```javascript

    "redis": {
        "host": "redis",                // the "redis" host spawned by docker-compose
        "port": 6379                    // and its port
    },

    "persistence": {                    // persistent shares and blocks
        "enabled": false,               // disabled by default
        "host": "postgres",             // the "postgres" host spawned by docker-compose
        "port": 5432,                   // its port
        "user": "postgres",             // its user
        "password": "postgres",         // its password
        "database": "postgres"          // and its db name. All as defined in the Compose file.
    },
```

Lastly, for single-user setups these are suitable payout and reward settings:

```javascript

    "pool": {
        "port": 20032,                  // port which the server binds to
        "diff": 8,                      // init difficulty

        "varDiff": {
            "minDiff": 1,               // minimum difficulty
            "maxDiff": 4096,            // maximum difficulty
            "targetTime": 10,           // try to get 1 share per this many seconds
            "retargetTime": 90,         // check to see if we should retarget every this many seconds
            "variancePercent": 30       // allow time to very this % from target without retargeting
        }
    },

    "withholdPercent": 0.005,           // Even for single-user pools, this is required to allow the pool to pay tx fees
    "rewardInterval": 600,              // This can be relaxed, but should still be lower than paymentInterval

    "minPaymentCoins": "10",            // Increases the min payout to 10 Alph
    "paymentInterval": 7200,            // Increased to 1 payment every 2 hours.
```
